hello this is Grovyle telling freeway
calling is prohibited all inmate
telephone calls are recorded I have a
prepaid call from Mike then an inmate at
Duval County Jail your account balance
is $27 85 cents if you wish to accept
this prepaid call dial zero and thank
you hello ya mind I called you back no
I'm glad you did
so being in a room by myself kind of
sucks but I would I guess it'd be better
than being in a room with them animals
well you know they probably wouldn't
think too highly about what what's going
on and so it is best but I can only
imagine but your mom said she was
sending you a book and I don't know how
she's going about it I was thinking
about this today and I was like I'm I'm
the victim here I'm the fucking victim
here I was the one that was being preyed
upon and I fought back right yeah and
I'm like so it's my fault because I
asked him here they're like I got
attacked and I fought back because I
didn't want to be a victim and now I'm
in trouble
mmm I refuse to be a victim and now I'm
incarcerated somehow insulted these boys
by asking them to turn the radio down
and ensure that they're going to kill me
I mean it's absurd that they would do
that but you know they're violent well
honey I don't think we should talk about
it anyone
I mean III don't know how I'm supplied
it like they attacked me I'm the victim
I'm the victor that I was the victim too
in the late Friday afternoon of November
23rd 2012 a young couple were getting
married at the Winterbourne in an
impressive wedding venue situated along
the st. Johns River they held hands a
recited vows and near silence as fifty
guests looked on toward the scenic
ceremony one of those guests sitting in
the front row was 45 year-old software
developer Michael Dunn the father of the
groom sitting next to him was his
girlfriend of four years and fiance of
six months 45 year old nurse Rhonda our
raise your right hand please the clerk's
can administer the oath to you right
there you go just relax it's okay really
do you solemnly swear or affirm that the
testimony you give shall be the truth
mr. our do you know someone by the name
of Michael Dunn yes I do how long have
you known mr. Dunn for about four years
mr. hour what is your relationship to
mr. Dutton he's my fiance why did you in
the defendant come up to Jacksonville on
Thursday night for the Friday wedding um
because we have a puppy named Charlie
and um because you usually can't check
into hotels in two like three or four
and with the wedding being at 4:00 we
didn't think we'd have time to get
settled
they had just drove two hours from their
shared home in Brevard County and their
seven-month old French Bulldog named
Charlie was waiting for them at a hotel
roughly 15 miles from the venue and did
you have anything to drink during the
reception I had a glass of red wine and
then I had about two to three rum and
cokes and do you know whether or not the
defendant had anything to drink
he had rum and coke as well do you know
how many drinks he had he maybe had
three or four they stayed for just over
three hours at the reception then
reportedly had to leave early to go back
to the hotel and take the puppy for a
walk they were staying at the Sheraton
Hotel on Deerwood Park Boulevard but as
they were driving back decided to pull
into the gate gas station on Bay Meadows
Road at the last minute what was the
reason for
stopping at the gas station to get a
bottle of wine and whose idea was at mr.
our come on just before they got to the
gas station the car in front of them had
the same idea and pulled in just before
they did the occupant of that vehicle
would be known as witness 7 when you
pulled up was there an open spot to the
right of the red Dodge Durango
yes family was tell these jurors why you
didn't pull into that empty spot next to
the sidewalk heard the loud music didn't
want to deal with it the Dodge Durango
in question belonged to 18-year old
Tommy stornes who at the time was inside
the store buying cigarettes while his
three friends Leyland Brunson Jordan
Davis and Tevin Thompson remained in the
car at some point while the three of you
are waiting for Tommy stornes to come
back did a car pull into the parking
space on the passenger side of the Dodge
Durango
yes sir and is that the side that you
were sitting on yes sir driving that car
was Michael Dunn who added something to
his fiance before she went inside did
the defendant say anything about the
music when he parked the car next to the
red car yes and what did the defendant
say ah I hate that music and what was
your response to the defendant
I said yes I know what happened mr. hour
after the defendant parks the car I gave
him a kiss
I took $20 and I went into this store
mr. Thompson while the three of you were
waiting for Tommy stornes did the
defendant say anything to you or in your
direction yes sir and what was that he
said can you turn the music down I can't
hear myself thing and what did you do
and he said turn the music down I turn
the music now when you turn the music
down did either
Leland Brunson or Jordan Davis say
anything to you yes sir who spoke Jordan
and what did Jordan Davis say turn the
music back up and what did you do when
you got back to the Durango I opened the
door I danced a little bit to the song
that was playing I
did you see or hear the drivers say
anything to Jordan Davis after Thomas
Torrance got back in the Durango yes
what was that are you talking to me and
how could you hear that to him and turn
the music down when when time and got
back in till they have no what happened
did Jordan Davis say anything back to
the driver when the driver said are you
talking to me yes where do you say yeah
I'm talking to you please tell the
jurors what happened next
I heard someone yell or someone say
something very loud and what did you
hear that person say no you're not gonna
talk to me that way what did you see the
driver or the other car do when Jordan
Davis said yeah I'm talking to you huge
into his gun Department it was a big
silver chrome there nine millimeter or
45 was a large caliber you recognize
that yes sir
does that appear to be the gun that you
saw in the defendants hand yes sir
and what did the driver do with the gun
when he grabbed it from the glove
compartment he was holding it in time to
bed as we were walking to the register
did you hear anything unusual yes what
did you hear within three minutes of
Michael Dunn pulling into the gas
station he fired a total of ten shots
into the vehicle next to him the first
three shots came through the back
passenger side door at which moment
Tommy stornes hit reverse and backed up
at full speed the fourth shot missed
while shots five six and seven came
through the front passenger side door
the SUV then did a j-turn
at which point Michael Dunn got out of
his car took aim at the retreating
vehicle and fired three more shots into
the back the amount of time that passed
from the first volley of gunfire to the
second was exactly four seconds
[Music]
Tommy stornes his quick-thinking most
likely saved multiple lives as he took
the car out of the shooters line of fire
midway through the first volley
unfortunately however it wasn't enough
to save everyone as Jordan Davis had
already been struck three times he was
hit in the leg lungs and heart causing
him to bleed to death in under 45
seconds he was 17 years old roughly 20
seconds after the gunfire ceased Rhonda
realized it was her fiance that had
fired the shots at which point she went
outside to see what was going on and so
I opened the door and he said get in the
car and I don't know if I said what or
if I said anything or if I just
hesitated and he said get in the car
but he was you know he just had that
sound in his voice you know of urgency
yeah and so I got in the car get in the
car he pulls out to leave what's the
conversation like in the car
well I asked him what happened well
that's what I said I said what happened
and he said I shot at the car and I'm
like and we're moving at this to her and
I said what car and he said the one with
the music and I said why and he said
because they threatened to kill me and
I'm like I don't understand Michael and
I don't remember these words exact words
that he used but it was like that they
started started to advance and I reacted
okay they started to advance and I
reacted okay and then I asked him I said
did you hurt anyone and he said no I
just shot at the car and you know in my
head should I be telling you what I was
thinking yeah okay just telling okay so
and I'm thinking you know you stupid ass
you know what what were you what were
you thinking why you know would you do
this but I could see that he was already
upset
and I didn't want to add to that so I
kept those bucks to myself and I figured
I just tell him in the morning okay and
it's all in the car okay this is all the
car and then by then we were back at the
hotel okay
Michael then walks the dog orders a
pizza and pours himself a stiff rum and
coke before they both go to sleep there
was almost no conversation between them
the entire night just kind of walked me
through kind of how the morning plays
out TV remind you I had no idea what
kind of vehicle they were in but I knew
it was red and so I see the red SUV
being towed and I all I hear at our
shooting convenience store loud music
and then I don't know if they said some
the person was dead or just one day or
and I said Mike Mike Mike and I turned
around you who's in and in the doorway
of the bathroom and he said yes I saw
and then I said we need to go home okay
so you need a car and drive home yeah do
you stop it all coming home okay she
drives straight to the house okay
what's kind of how does that all play
out um he just said kept telling me that
he loves me
the whole Drive down yeah were you guys
really talking about it no we were
listening to the radio and then then he
would you know turn it down and just
saying you know I love you and I know
you know I I'm but don't sound it right
okay take your time
take a minute
in which system horrible it was a
horrible trip home right and and so no I
didn't want to hear anything and you
know so I was just and then when I
walked back in the house is when I got
the call from you witnesses at the scene
of a shooting took down Michaels number
plate and police were able to track him
down at his home in Brevard County he
was brought back to the JSO Police
Department without incident and
immediately subjected to interrogation
it began at exactly 4:00 p.m. 22 hours
after the shooting if you do answer
questions you have the right to stop
answering questions at any time and
consult with a lawyer okay
do you understand those rights yes sir
okay do you just sign where it says
signature and by signing there you're
just acknowledging that I went over your
rights with you and you understand your
rights obviously just kind of want to
talk to you about what occurred last
night it's important to contemplate what
the suspect is most likely thinking at
this moment as well as the character he
is now trying to play he wants to come
across as the victim who had no other
choice but to take the action he did the
night before and needs to appear as
rational reasonable and as considerate
as possible
he knows that someone has died due to a
situation that he initiated and now
needs to bend not only to facts but also
the perceptions of others so just kind
of walk me through you know just tell me
from your point of view what what you
guys pull up your driving is it now it's
your car is that correct yes okay and
you're driving yes sir okay so it's a
Volkswagen correct yes sir okay she said
in the passenger seat no one else in the
car with you correct correct okay just
kind of walked me through kind of what
happened to that well human bears to say
this but got out seized on the store and
there
SUV next to us and then the music starts
and I I roll down my window and I
thought I asked them nicely and demand
they didn't or else I said hey would you
guys mind turning that down and they set
it off I was like thank you
cordial all right things cordial I put
my window back up I was doing my stuff
and I don't know how many kids are in
that but the windows are down for the
backseat brothers are up for the front
seat okay you know a guy that was in the
back is getting really agitated and I
might windows up I can't hear anything
he's saying but you know there's a lot
of fuck him and fuck that and fuck that
bitch and then the music comes back on
and you know I'm just like 11 living you
know dumb don't need any trouble the
detectives will entertain his standpoint
for the time being they were remain as
neutral as possible as he recounts his
own narrative this is because they need
him to divulge as much information as
possible while he remains without
counsel the more detail he gives away
the more they will have to evaluate and
possibly use against him in a later
stage they were almost appear to be
agreeing with everything he says which
is for the purpose of encouraging
disclosure if they were to challenge him
this early it would more than likely
prevent him from opening up and and I
don't know if they're singing or what
it's like they're saying kill him so I
put my window down again and I said
excuse me are you talking about me and
it was like kill that bitch
and you know I'm still not reacting but
in this guy it goes down on the ground
and comes up with something I thought it
was a shotgun and he goes you're dead
bitch and he opens his door and I'm
shitting drinks but that's when I
reached in my glove box
unholstered my pistol I mean I'm I
practiced this I'm not the young formel
bar rifle and Tesla rains I'm inhabit
mmm you know yeah I know that those in
military training or anything but I have
friends who are in the military that
right show me the problem yes and so I'm
quicker in the flash I had a round
chambered in it and ice my shot that's
when I reached in my glove box
unholstered my pistol quicker in the
flash I had a round chambered event the
prosecution would later argue that if
the suspect was so traumatized both
during and after the incident as he
stated multiple times he wouldn't feel
the need to add dramatic pauses while
recounting the event NORAD complementary
remarks to his gun handling skills it's
almost as if he can't help but boast
about the shooting despite being so
allegedly horrified and shaken up by it
okay do you remember how many times you
shot four
keep walking me through Conover and I
shot four times and not a CV he pulled
out and like I said on and I might may
got a gun and so you know not training
this from I was still scared
and so I shot four more times that'll
never play ever fleeing yeah trying to
keep their heads down to not catch any
return fire okay all right other than
that and that was yeah I mean I uh I
still didn't feel safe I thought you
know there was another car I I didn't
know I mean I'm in a strange town in a
strange area it just had my life
threatened the love of my life is in the
store and she doesn't know what's going
on she kind of outside to see what was
up and I was just like get in the car we
have to go I just didn't feel safe there
in fact um we had plans in fact a fairly
expensive bed and breakfast paid for in
st. Augustine more unnecessary detail
that someone distraught by a recent
event wouldn't feel the need to clarify
if he genuinely thought he was as close
to being killed as he stated or if he
was at all upset about the fate of the
young man he had just shot dead the fact
that he missed out on a fairly expensive
bed and breakfast would most likely be
overlooked you know after what happened
last night
well where'd you go after we went our
room you went right to the hotel yeah
okay didn't leave we're in the slave
notice over in Rick's waiting for
another car load of things to come
I've never been so scared in my life
these exact statements were brought up
when his fiance Rhonda was interviewed
four days later
it was kind of he made a comment that
you guys went back to the room and he
was basically waiting on some thoughts
what duncek on sorrow at any given time
when you guys got back to the hotel did
he take the car they've done out of the
glove box and take it up to the room
with you guys
okay so you left in the car and then you
go to the room and II gets the dog and
goes outside and walks the dog so he's
so comfortable that even he'll go back
outside and walking in without the gun
with the dog okay and you guys just
stayed in the hotel room at that point
did you go anywhere else no he ordered
out or dnt mm-hm
the investigators have secured their
baseline narrative from the suspect and
will now slowly ramp up the pressure
they will begin to destabilize his
thought process by inducing anxiety and
then set traps for him to incriminate
himself further they essentially need
him to panic and as he panics they will
pose more calculated questions
however they have to do this in a subtle
and methodical manner as if they push it
too far they could scare him into
shutting down completely or even into
requesting legal counsel and ending the
interrogation right then and there
I know you do you're in a strange town
and you're you know you have this
traumatic event happen to you and I can
understand that
okay the problem I can tell you what we
start to kind of get a little wandering
is by the time you say you get to your
hotel room you're calling to order pizza
why aren't you calling us I wanted to
come back to my hometown to do that you
know I shouldn't even left the scene but
I left the scene because I was still
afraid for okay and I can I can I can I
can live with that
okay I can live with that you don't
necessarily want to hang around right
where the shooting happened because you
don't know if these guys coming back I'm
good with all right they're more you
know but once you leave and you are away
from that scene and you've even gotten
to a hotel room and inside your hotel
room at that point you know now it
doesn't now makes me wonder you because
if you make a phone call
one we find out you know a lot quicker
what's going on okay the reason he and I
haven't been asleep since sometime
yesterday is because we're trying to
figure out all we know is we got a guy
we got a dead kid in a car okay and we
got a guy a shot and Haldex that's all
we know I mean I I just I'm just that's
where we start to get a little concerned
it starts to be you know get out we can
speak that I've had I personally have
had a case with an individual who was
moving to Jacksonville first day in
Jacksonville and got involved in an
incident and felt threatened and shot
another person and was in their car and
he drove across the street to another
parking lot and got on the phone with
911 immediately and started walking
police into where he was you know that's
the way I mean
Hey I have nothing to stand and then for
other problems that we have to when you
began to shoot can you honestly tell us
that you ever saw a gun inside every
barrel come up on the window he has now
gone from saying that he saw a shotgun
to now seeing a barrel come up on the
window and his emphasis while giving the
statement was weak and unconvincing if
he had spoken with an attorney his
response to this question would have
been that he without a doubt saw a
shotgun and his conviction to the claim
would have been immensely forceful it
would make it far easier for his defense
to create reasonable doubt within the
jury which the suspect has now made
extremely difficult and continues on to
make it even more so my god like a
single shot shotgun where there's a
barrel and see this part of the barrel I
saw that part of the barrel and there's
either a barrel or a stick but sir
they're there they're like we're gonna
kill you and then they say you're dead
bitch I mean I I didn't wait til to look
to see if they were gonna point at me he
reached down and picked it up well
hopefully it's the guy that I hit though
he was sitting in the rear
passenger-side and that that's the guy
that was really agitated and and then
that's the guy that I asked are you
telling me you're gonna kill me like I
said I didn't know what my window is up
he was saying a lot but the absolute
came through and I put my window down
asked him
and the music is the own planet this
time and yes that he is really loud and
really animated bottom of the music was
bothering you
yes little music was a nuisance at fairs
you know with my cars shut and windows
up and you just hear the heavy bass and
like I said I just said hey would you
mind turning it down and they did they
shut it off what's I you know I said
thanks but it really wasn't a issue of
loud music it was an issue of them
threatening my legs for the spark
absolutely and you know that's when I
started a fire and you pulled up no not
so you guys pull in okay now is the when
he pulls in he pulls him next to the red
SUVs that crabby it was already there
incorrect okay and was the music playing
yeah okay the music's playing polka says
personal issues that we have
I'll be first attained there's no
weapons in a car put yourself in the
suspects position and imagine everything
you had said up to this moment was
truthful you had just shot and killed a
person yet fully believed it was either
your life or there's a legitimate and
justifiable act of self-defense now
imagine the outright shock and dismay
you would feel at the very moment you
realize that wasn't the case they drove
out circle right back around and came
right back to that spot oh okay
what you just saw was genuine surprise
he appears far more perplexed by the
fact the SUV never left the parking lot
over the fact that the man he had just
killed was unarmed they circle around
until they saw you leave and then they
drove right back okay they saw you leave
it that's why I do believe even a robber
friend of a hit so then there was a part
when I came right back at that point
i'ma tell you it's evident that he's
unremorseful over the consequences of
his conduct yet also appears to be
totally unaware of the magnitude of his
own situation he's far too relaxed and
the detectives ramp up the pressure once
more here's what happened I know that
from your context your position right
now that you want to do everything to
protect yourself and I can't say that I
blame you for that
but we're gonna need the total total
truth as to what happened not this story
that I've had from 7:30 last night or
twelve o'clock today to success okay
because the only thing that's going to
make sense to us
is the truth smashing the scene
[Music]
there was biggest problem we got the
first hurdle we getting it over is that
there is no weapon in the truck
do you have it okay there was nothing
found in or near the car that resembled
a stick nor a weapon
the suspect is now trying to forge a
narrative that his actions were
justified due to his perception of a
threat regardless of if there was one or
not we have is that the last set of
rounds when the truck is backing away
funny he put four more sets full more
shots into it that's nice because now
he's backing away there's no longer a
threat
yes sir I understand that in in my mind
they had a weapon I can't shoot someone
because of my mom they had a weapon
that's the problem I mean if I walk up
to someone right now I'm never
confrontation with them and I think they
had a weapon the law won't allow me to
sued only about think he has a weapon
not leave yesterday we've however you
when you pulled your gun and your say
you're sitting your driver's seat like
that straight ahead how are you how did
you shoot you shoot one hand it to in
the suit handed like two handed like
this come across your body and you shoot
the first what he said four shots that's
what you remember and they start backing
out you continue to shoot through the
window or do you have a - I don't recall
but I do remember getting out of my cars
and taking like in sideways and I was
like waiting for the wings or
so once again all this is once again if
you think they have something think they
have a shotgun yes sir
you think they have shotgun you're going
to get out of your car so they can do a
good a million like I said well at the
time I was doing everything on
adrenaline and no others hands up we're
trained to if we think something is
there to get out of the way to get a
cover or concealment so you're telling
me it you thought they have a shotgun
but you got out of your car so they
would get a good name that's what you
tell me well I thought maybe they would
shoot up the car no with me in it
but of a car your car without shooting
at them you are why are we runners are
caught on and they can honestly Sara I'm
at a loss that suggests if I what I did
on the second volley other than the same
I thought they were exceeding going to
be shooting back and I was keeping them
from doing that and I was in such a
panic so you you get the gun racket and
then reassess not in reassessment so
you're afraid of you grab a man you win
grab gun and rat came up yes sir okay so
you see him start to come out of the
door of the truck at that point you turn
to get gum for that crack you take it
out of your glove box you want to
holster it you rack around and you come
back up on target yes sir in fluid
medicine okay in the amount of time he's
starting to get out of his try out of
the truck when you first start to go get
your but yet by the time you come back
and start shooting he's still in the
truck
he's coming out I think he saw what I
was doing and
was running man Kenny I don't know but
that's where I'm a little thrown off
here okay cuz he's he is sitting in the
back seat of that truck when he is hit
okay because the bullet goes right
through the door
three bullets went through that door
okay
he wasn't he wasn't hit standing outside
the truck
oh no I I and I know I shot through the
door all right how does a good louder
door of your shooting for it confuse us
all right um when the latch is coming
off the dark that's when I went to do
what I was doing with the guns and when
I came back I'm firing when the relax is
coming off the door no when when I got
my gun on when we said a real bet when
you see the light what you mean by the
last couple the door is open
he's stepping out okay so he's stepping
out yes and then I and you going to
reach but by the time you come back and
come up just blazing somehow he's still
sitting in the truck well maybe I'm not
as fast with the whole thing as I think
I am but it was or maybe it wasn't good
out of a truck no absolutely you was
this was refuted by forensics the victim
never got out of the truck and the door
was shut at the time the suspect opened
fire this was proven by correlating the
angles of the bullets that came through
the door
alongside the entry and exit wounds to
the victim you're saying you know you
feel like you have a threat that this
guy's got a shotgun in your view okay so
you think he's getting out of the car
okay yeah so you turn to get yours if
he's unarmed which he is why is he going
to be I I don't know me and now in China
the
the sad fact of it is he's telling me
he's gonna kill me you're dead bitch
okay you asked them to turn a radio Val
see this that's the part right on and
you know what and I'll tell you were
getting really agitated I could I could
I understand it cuz believe me we deal
with guys who you asked him to chill the
radio down they would get out of the car
shoot you
we deal with those kind of dudes all the
time his wife had almost bet you money
here my salary on when you got into a
confrontation with those guys a man a
guest at you if there was a gun in that
truck they wouldn't shot you they went
had to get out they were stopped right
there and shot from this fuckers like he
was shooting from your car people don't
get out of the car to be seen in the
nation to someone they got essentially
right-sided from all right I mean he's
getting out of his car we're this close
to each other he was getting out of his
car after after repeatedly telling me
that he was going to kill me so I'm
gonna bite my ear up Orsini was
something I wasn't too concerned about
how he intended to do it if you thought
he had a shotgun you most likely would
be concerned with how he intended to do
it you would be likely more concerned
with being shot with a shotgun as
opposed to having your ear bitten off
yeah I'll say this we talked to the
other guys in the car and they will all
admit they will all tell us didn't like
the fact that some stranger is telling
him turn his music again he's 17 he's a
teenager
okay you know he thought teenagers are
they're a little hard-headed sometimes
special around on their own and did he
throw some f-bombs at you basically tell
you go fuck yourself
multiple times absolutely they said yep
he was jaw jacking back and forth with
that guy but it but at no time did any
of them
say well okay he did say he was gonna
kill him because what's that it makes no
sense because what's he gonna do he's
not armed what she what you can I'm
going to kill you and get out of car and
we're talking about a kid you know many
times that kids been to jail never he
has no history of violence and it's not
like we're getting three glasses of
truancy in school we're not talking
about a violent kid here he has no track
record there are guys in Jacksonville oh
I'd go from okay I believe that because
I got track records this kid ain't got
no track record
the kid sitting next to him doesn't have
a track record in front of him doesn't
have a track record none of them do
these aren't violent guys they pull up
to a pull-up so the driver can run in to
buy cigarettes still the reason they're
even there they just got back and going
to the mall that's it so I have a hard
time buying how he I can and I can
totally see him talking shit to you I
can see that but to take it to a level
he's threatening to end your life when
he can't there's no way he can he
doesn't have anything he didn't know
that I know all the reasons that all
good not knowing that is all reason why
you took your next step too far
the problem is you went from zero to 100
without ever getting a 50 I have a guy
very angry saying he wants me dead the
other guys aren't corroborating I'm
sorry but other than two there's people
the parking lot in here what's going on
- is that one of them we have what's
called independent witnesses yeah not as
I said I understand I wasn't sure that I
heard him right that's why I are you
that's directed towards me you're gonna
kill me and that happens to be an exact
quote of are you talking to me that was
an exact quote guys the truck said he
said some of the effect of are you
talking to me yeah so that's dead-on
yeah he was talking to you he's
basically telling you to go fuck
yourself and I'm gonna turn the music
back up
yeah
music's already up in and he's talking
kill the guy I just can't understand if
the music is up to the point where you
asked them to turn it down
how can you also hear the conversation
that they're having it's not making any
sense he's livid he's not talking he's
yelling and my windows up and I can hear
I'm not making out all the words but
then I hear you know kill that son of a
bitch sure kill a motherfucker I think
is what he was saying how do you know it
was him saddest well when I put the
window down and I asked them he said the
same thing yeah kill her mother fucker
in any when he was opening his door he
that's when he said you're dead bitch
and you know when you say didn't have a
weapon he's on the ground and he puts
something up on the thing and then gets
out I thought it was a shotgun I are
stick or you know some kind of weapon
but he's he's conference confrontational
and using words like I'm gonna kill you
and you're dead and I hadn't know he's
17 I thought he was full-grown man and I
don't know how many kids are in that but
the windows are down for the back seat I
haven't no he's 17 I thought he was full
girl man I thought they all were
and in my mind they're all gonna get out
of this truck and shoot me or beat me in
or catch on when they came we will have
a different argument have anyone been
out of it from walking towards you in
any type of threatening manner we would
have appeared over the fact right next
to each other yes there was no lock and
it was him getting down and they using
our means from me or here their arms are
so close to each other though him
getting out it's gonna be hard for him
to get out because he's back away from
you his door opens up he's actually
going to be shielding himself from where
you are because your clothes are up to
the driver all these things you say
are great but you know I see I didn't I
didn't analyze all these things I got
the shit scared out of me oh no and some
guys coming at me telling me what he has
got to do or wants to do I I reacted I
I'm sitting here telling you guys I was
in fear for my life I honestly was I
have so much going on in my personal
life the last thing I want to do is be
in trouble I I don't want to cause you
guys to sleep last night I don't want to
leave you know he reverts back to this
premise multiple times he continuously
associates these two reasons with a
notion that he wasn't the instigator yet
not once does he mentioned that he
wouldn't want a teenager to lose his
life over a verbal altercation well this
is what we do don't worry about that we
don't mean the last thing I'm looking
for is trouble
the last thing sir from grabbing a
shotgun is coming up and at me and so I
don't want to sound like an asshole that
if it happened again tomorrow where I
shot Ben was coming up I think I would
do the same
I hope and you know what happens you're
going to do the same if there was a sign
coming up right here we would expect you
to do what you did the problem that we
have is that there is no shotgun that's
the bridge that we got to get crossed
you said you keep dwelling on the
shotgun as if there was one at the scene
if there was a shotgun a BB gun any time
we're going to sing tell if it was a
Warner gun that was blackmailing I'll
let the scene said it was a barrel could
have been just a stance but I mean it
would have been your imagination no he
said no with the rising intonation the
way in which he said the word doesn't
correlate with its message the
intonation was more matched with the
word maybe no the pressure he's under is
causing disorientation in his critical
thinking he was unable to process the
adjustment and his thoughts to his words
quick enough and that's why they came
out
together I mean anything's possible and
guessed that the him coming out of this
car was not my imagination and it was
right after I saw that that he started
coming on his car and saying you're dead
bitch when you went and grabbed your gun
correct it and came back around what
were you shooting at did you acquire
target did you start shooting I shot at
the door with a door which door um rear
passenger you saw his door yes what was
the port was about saved my life from
the door no he was coming out of this
door and I guess he went back in it but
that's where he was is all right ha
pathetic we hear them exchanged words he
open the door to go to pop no story is
the bathroom he wouldn't send you're
dead bitch and nothing is that well then
I guess I would be in trouble if that
was the case but that's not what
happened
we are so lucky really there should be
three of those four should have been hit
three of those four he could have three
dead guys right now okay luckily for the
guy in the front seat his door stopped
the bullets they entered the door to
think all the way in because the front
doors got bullet holes in it okay and
there's another one you shot when you
were doing the the suppression fire
basically to keep their heads down as
they're driving away you put one in the
back of the car several shots directly
into the rear of the truck and one of
them comes singing in through the back
and goes right up and hits the Sun Visor
where the driver is as he's driving out
didn't miss his noggin by much yeah so
we very easily have three victims at
this point luckily those guys didn't get
hit or anyway shape they're all fun
except for the one poor the poor guy who
pretty much was dead right there
they came along he was gone we see a lot
of snare and we deal with threatening
situations I mean we it's not you know
we do it all the time where somebody
defends themselves I mean we do and
there are clear-cut cases where you go
yep sure did buddy
you know you defended yourself have a
nice day unfortunately this is not one
I'm not feeling so hot now that you guys
are unfortunately we have that effect so
well I don't mean sick I mean my accent
started me sick nice knowing I don't
know how I can express to you guys that
I was in fear for my life I've never
been so scared in my life I've been mad
and my hands sink but I was so afraid
that I didn't have time to think
I only reacted what did you see the
driver or the other car do when Jordan
Davis said yeah I'm talking to you
fusion to his gun Department that was a
big silver chrome there nine millimeter
or 45 was a large caliber and what did
the driver do with the gun when he
grabbed it from the glove compartment he
was holding it in time to bed
I heard someone yell or someone say
something very loud and what did you
hear that person say no you're not gonna
talk to me that way
um do I
do I need to get a lawyer I mean it
sounds like I'm in deep shit
well that is up to you we have a warrant
Duval County issued a warrant for your
arrest for murder and attempted murder
okay that's what you're being charged
with right now okay just the first step
in the process the way I see this this
was um I was scared for my life yeah I
fucked that and you guys are seeing this
as a murder this is where we're at right
now
you'll be the process you hear first but
I'm not sure how long it's gonna take
you before they'll they gotta go through
all the well that kind of stuff that you
you will be brought back to the Duval
County like I said this is a starter any
opportunity to bail
there's no bond football there's no bond
on a murder charge in Duval County yeah
it's just a standard automatic that it's
a murder charge when it's self-defense
that we explained you how it works on
our end we do our investigation we get
our facts we have a prosecutor for the
State Attorney's Office with us who sees
all the facts he's the case we confer
with the State Attorney's Office say
these are the these are what we have is
facts of this case and they determine
yes you have we believe there's enough
to issue an arrest warrant at this point
based off the evidence we have and
that's why we obtained the restaurant I
really didn't know that I was being
interned as the murder and attempted
murder suspects
I'm sorry we had to meet under these
circumstances meet me too I mean if
there is you know it's probably about
five things I could
done differently last night but
unfortunately turned out the way it okay
I'll get with the guys here and we'll
get you in use the restroom for you okay
he was remanded into custody at the
Duval County Jail where he remained for
14 months awaiting trial did you ask the
guys in the red SUV to turn down that
bass I did I said can you turn that down
please what was the response from the
red SUV I think they turned it off and
at that point what did you then say I
said thank you
very soon after I started hearing things
like F him and after that and does it
escalate well the music came back on now
it got ugly after hearing the
something-something crack her and this
and that I hear I should kill that
motherfucker here I should fucking kill
that motherfucker and now he's screaming
okay there's no there's no mistake of
what he said that is what he said notice
the considerable increase in both
emphasis and conviction when making his
statements his lawyer has now instructed
him in how to respond but unfortunately
for Michael the jury had access to his
interrogation where he was asked the
same questions the guy that was in the
back is getting really agitated and I
might windows up I can't hear anything
he's saying but you know there's a lot
of fuck him and fuck that and fuck that
bitch and I don't know if they're
singing or what but it's like they're
saying kill him so I put my window down
again I put my window back down and I
asked are you talking about me now what
was the response when you said are you
talking about me he he reached forward
and pick something up and slammed it
against the door I didn't know what it
was at first but when he says yeah I'm
gonna fucking kill you I look and I'm
looking at a barrel he's he's showing me
a gun and he's threatening me what
happens now what did you believe was
about to happen to you
I thought I was gonna be killed but I
still didn't go for my gun
at that time I was just like going oh my
god where is all this hostility coming
from and it was at that point where he
said this shit's going down now not once
was this mentioned during his
interrogation it seems to be a poignant
recollection when stated here which
would arise suspicion as to why he
failed to mention it earlier in your
wildest dreams could you fathom being
that position over a common courtesy no
okay now at this point what's going
through your mind when he said this
shit's going down now this was a clear
and present danger and I said you're not
gonna kill me you son of a bitch okay
and as you said that were you looking at
him or were you now moving that I said
that as I was retrieving my pistol could
you show the jury exactly what you did
well have fun as we say over here is my
glovebox I'm looking out the window and
I said you're not gonna kill me you son
of a bitch and I shot okay and do you
even recall how many times you shot
I do not kind of was in a fixed position
with the tunnel vision I didn't realize
the SUV was moving I was still aiming at
the rear passenger and it didn't
register that the car was backing up
okay and at some point you realize now
there's no more red door in front of
your face this is where Ronda starts
coming into my mind because I know she's
heard the shots
I know Ronda
it wasn't just my life Otis worried
about enough and at some point now do
you see that SUV actually drive towards
a different direction or try to drive
away it did and this is where the now
they're back in line with if they fire
on me they lay at the front door and
this is a run that comes out what was
your purpose of firing towards the back
of that vehicle I thought I was worried
about on a blind firing situation where
they would you know shoot over their
heads or whatever and not hit me or hit
me and Rhonda I stopped firing when it
appeared that the threat was over and
how long had you been with mr. hour
three and a half four years did you have
a serious relationship with her
absolutely she's my fiancee okay were
you living with her at the time yes yes
we were was this dog kind of your guys
child yes okay and what was his name
his name is Charlie the defendant just
got emotional over his supposed
gallantry and undying love for his
partner and now accelerates this emotion
for the purpose of expressing how much
he loves his pet in his mind he is
exhibiting appealing human traits to the
jury coming across as a man of clear
nobility and selflessness who only
protected the woman he loves from a
perceived imminent threat while also
being a gentle soul that sheds a tear at
just the mere thought of his beloved
puppy the thing is the defendant only
has tunnel vision with regard to himself
and his own perspective the jury on the
other hand will be looking at the big
picture rather than perceiving this
emotion from the viewpoint the defendant
wants them to they may see it as a
contrived and narcissistic attempt at
elevating his own character he has now
shown the jury that he has the
personality type to get emotional and
this emotion comes out as he self
describes his valiant conduct and gentle
spirit yet not a shred of emotion was
displayed as he described the exact
moment he took the life of a young man
ripping an only child away from his two
parents forever who never got to see him
graduate get married or have children of
his own yes sir yes sir I do right and
when she got into that car she asked you
what happened right yes sir sir are you
telling this jury that on the way back
to the hotel
you told Rhonda our that the boys in the
car had a gun if I told her on the way
to the hotel I told her several times at
the hotel I told her several times on
the way home but this was self-defense
that wasn't my question
from the time you left the gate station
to the time you got back to Sheraton how
many times did you use the word gun to
describe what the boy let me finish with
the boys in the car hat I couldn't tell
you was it more than one at least one
mr. Dunn the truth is you never told the
love of your life that those boys had a
gun you weren't there
did you you did tell her that I said you
were not they
I get that I know that truth is you
never told Rhonda our they had a gun
Benson correct remember to speak loudly
into the microphone so everybody can
hear you all right yes sir all right
miss Wolfson
when you came out of the gate gas
station and you got into the defendants
car yes did the defendant ever tell you
he saw a gun in that red SUV
no did the defendant ever tell you that
he saw a weapon of any kind in that SUV
no there was no mention of a stick no
there was no mention of a shotgun well
there was no mention of a barrel no
there was no mention of a lead-pipe no
back in the hotel room mr. our that same
night did the defendant ever tell you
that he saw the boys with a firearm no
did he ever tell you that he saw the
boys with a weapon on the two-hour drive
following morning did the defendant ever
tell you that he saw a gun in the SUV no
and on that two-hour drive did he ever
tell you he saw a weapon of any kind in
that SUV no
On February 15th 2014 Michael Dunn was
found guilty on three counts of
attempted murder for which he was
rendered a 90 year sentence seven months
later on October 1st he was rendered an
additional life sentence without the
possibility of parole his appeal was
denied by the first District Court on
November 17 2016 he is currently being
held at the maximum-security Oregon
State Penitentiary